PQ: Add support for event-level compression using ZStandard (ZSTD) (#18121)
elastic/logstash: docs/reference/persistent-queues.md

`queue.checkpoint.interval` {applies_to}`stack: deprecated 9.1`
:   Sets the interval in milliseconds when a checkpoint is forced on the head page. Default is `1000`. Set to `0` to eliminate periodic checkpoints.

`queue.compression` {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.2`
:   Sets the event compression level for use with the Persisted Queue. Default is `none`. Possible values are:

>     * `speed`: optimize for fastest compression operation

Reviewer: `none` should be part of this list.

    * `size`: optimize for smallest possible size on disk, spending more CPU
    * `balanced`: a balance between the `speed` and `size` settings
:::{important}

> Enabling compression will make the PQ incompatible with previous Logstash releases that did not support compression.

Author: @robbavey how is this?

```suggestion
Compression can be enabled for an existing PQ, but once compressed elements have been added to a PQ, that PQ cannot be read by previous Logstash releases that did not support compression.
If you need to downgrade Logstash after enabling the PQ, you will need to either delete the PQ or run the pipeline with `queue.drain: true` first to ensure that no compressed elements remain.
```

> Enabling compression will make the PQ incompatible with previous Logstash releases that did not support compression.

Reviewer 2: 👍
